Let's go ahead and set up a local environment
so that we can get started with using containers.
Let's go ahead and demo setting up a local environments.
What I'm going to do first, is I'm going to make a package called local environment.
I'm going to cd into this local environment.
Now I'm going to go ahead and run this command
python3 -m venv venv and create a virtual environment.
So what this does is it isolates python so that it's located just in this directory.
Now to use it, I'm going to first show you my existing Python.
So if I say which python3, you can see that it's in user local band python3.
That's a problem if I want to work on multiple applications.
So I need to make sure I use this virtual environment that I set up.
To do that, I run source venv/bin/activate,
and now after I run which python3,
you can see that it's located in my virtual environment.
From here, the next step is,
I'm going to want to install a few packages to get me started.
So the first package I'm going to install is,
I'm going to do a pip install pylint.
Pylint is a package that links your Python code
and ensures that it's syntactically correct.
Another thing I'm going to run,
is I'm going to do a pip install upgrade pip.
So I want to make sure I have the latest version of
the pip package installer. There we go.
Once that's done, what I'm going to do is,
I'm going to install Python black which is a source code editor.
Pip install black. What this does is it reformats your code
so that it complies with the latest Python standards.
Then finally, I'm going to install Pytest which is a commonly used testing framework.
Pip install pytest. Great. At this point,
now I have a local environment setup that I can install and test Python.
Probably one last thing that is a nice finishing touch is to install IPython.
So if I do pip install ipython,
that'll also give me an interactive interpreter
that's richer than the regular Python interpreter.
Great. Now I can test this out,
and say ipython and then from here,
I can do import os.listdir just to make sure everything is working.
Great. Everything looks like it's working.
Now I can go on and move on to my docker container setup.